how will program run?

console edition:
welcome message:    "Hello! Welcome to your to-do list"
instruction prompt: "If you'd like to add a task, enter 1. If you'd like to delete a task, enter 2. If you'd like to view the task-list, enter 3.
                    If you'd like to exit, enter 0. If you need a reminder of these options, enter 5 at anytime."

while loop that runs the program:
                    while user does not click 0, 1, 2, 3, 5 continue running program
                    if they do click 0, exit the program


conditionals:
                    if user enters 1, they will be prompted to add a task-item
                    if user enters 2, they will be prompted to delete a task-item
                    if user enters 3, the task-list will be displayed
                        -if there's nothing to display, an error message will need to be displayed
                        "Oops! There's nothing here yet. If you'd like to add a task, please enter 1."
                    if user enters 5, the instruction prompt will be displayed


how will tasks be stored?
                    each string task will be stored inside an ARRAY, which will need to be formatted to display each task on separate lines during the duration of the program,
                    with each added value gets a corresponding number either visible or not (which will help with deletion purposes)


when user enters 1:
                    they will be prompted to enter a string that will store the value of the new task. when they press enter, the new task will be added to the array
                    and the updated task-list will be displayed to the user

when user enters 2:
                    they will be prompted to enter the key (to the value) that they want to delete. when they press enter, this value will be deleted from the list


when user enters 3:
                    the task-list will be displayed


when user enters 5:
                    the instruction prompt will be displayed


when user enters 0:
                    the program will end




functionality needed:
                    while loop that runs unless user enters 0.
                        -if user enters 1, add task
                        -if user enters 2, delete task
                        -if user enters 3, display task list
                        -if user enters 5, display instruction prompt
                    

                    an array that stores each task


                    displaying the array items:
                        for loop that adds a number to each value, +1 more than it's index value.

                        EX:
                        ['go to grocery store', 'laundry', 'work on coder girl', 'cook dinner']
                        1. go to grocery store[0]
                        2. laundry[1]
                        3. work on coder girl[2]
                        4. cook dinner[3]





VARIABLES NEEDED:

welcomeMessage      String
instructionPrompt   String
noDisplayErrorMsg   String
userTask            String          task given to program by user

taskList            initialize empty array




METHODS NEEDED:

addTask(String task)        adds user input to array
displayTasks(? needs array) prints out all the tasks with corresponding numbers (index + 1)
deleteTask(String task)     removes selected task from list. accepts positive numbers only. remove task at index - 1 of the number user inputs            

